Now we're almost done with the logical operators,
there is one last operator and
that's the $not operator.
Now as you see here, it inverts the effect of a query expression,
so what we could do here is we could look for movies that do not have a runtime of 60 minutes.
Now I can use not to for example find all items or let's do a count here to output less, to find all items
where the runtime is not equal to 60.
Now not does not work by putting it first,
instead you specify the field you want to look for, like runtime and then we can say not
and then the query which we don't want to run.
So here I could say not equal
and now I need that equal operator, here
it is helpful because we got no other way of expressing this with not, not equal to 60. If I hit enter,
I find 70 movies where the runtime is not equal to 60.
Now of course, not will not be used that often because this complex query is essentially just equal to
ne 60 right,
that also gives us back to 70 movies where the runtime is not equal to 60 and for or, you would have nor.
So there are a lot of other ways of querying for the inverse
but if you need it, if there is some query where you just can't inverse it
in another way, then there is the not operator which you can use to look for the opposite.